[Music]
six priceless face care tips to make
your skin look perfect women all over
the world are basically in an endless
search for products and procedures that
will make their skin look beautiful
who doesn't want to have that healthy
glow right of course it's important to
have a good menu full of vitamins but
there are some face care tips that can
help you achieve the perfect skin so we
have bright side I've put together this
guide to face masks that will make your
face look young beautiful and well cared
for by doing this simple mask you'll
forget about putting foundation on
because you just won't need it
interested and let's start number six
aspirin lemon anti-aging mask skin aging
is something that every single one of us
will face sooner or later in life of
course every woman wishes to keep her
skin young and fresh for as long as
possible but this wish doesn't always
exactly come true due to the variety of
factors many women try different
expensive products and cosmetic
procedures but little did they know that
there are some natural compounds that
can help you deal with this problem and
this is where we things get interesting
so if you want to change your reflection
in the mirror
here's a simple and easy recipe for
young skin you'll need only two
ingredients three aspirin pills and
three tablespoons of lemon juice first
of all is all the aspirin in the lemon
juice and mix them to create a paste
don't forget to wash your face before
applying the pace and leave it on for
about 10 minutes when the time's up
remove the mask using plenty of water
aspirin can be considered a chemical
peel for your face because it contains
salicylic acid at the same time lemon
juice contains vitamin C which is known
to have a great effect on the skin
brightening and smoothing it when you
mix these two together you will be
pleasantly surprised with the final
result
[Music]
number five a revitalizing mask of
yogurt honey and aspirin it's important
for your skin to relax from time to time
after an all-day makeup one of the
essential steps of having a good skin is
skin nutrition this applies to both your
everyday menu and your skincare routine
don't forget to do a revitalizing mask
at least once a week so your skin will
get all the important components and
needs you can try different masks but
we'll tell you about one amazing one in
particular all you will need is five
aspirin pills one tablespoon of yogurt
and a half of tablespoon of honey as you
can see all the ingredients are
affordable so it won't be difficult to
get them the preparation is simple as
well just grind up the aspirin and mix
it thoroughly with the other ingredients
to get a better result and effectively
apply the mask put a cloth soaked in
warm water over your face to open all of
your pores then after drawing your face
apply the mixture to it leaving it on
your skin for about thirty minutes all
this time you can do anything you need
just don't forget to remove the mask
with lukewarm water once the time is up
we've already told you about the
wonderful effect of aspirin but what
about yogurt and honey
well yogurt has both lactic and alpha
hydroxy acids in its composition which
removes dead skin cells plus yogurt
gently cleanses your skin and diminish
the appearance of such attributes of
aging like lines and wrinkles and don't
get me started on honey we all know that
it works wonders for our skin
[Music]
number four a moisturizing mask
moisturizing is one of the most
important parts of any skin care routine
it helps your skin keep a great balance
between being too dry and too oily which
in both cases brings different kinds of
problems to your skin plus by regular
moisturizing you help your skin stay
younger for longer so this next mask is
an exceptional moisturizer which will
leave your skin smooth and soft all you
need is an avocado and honey take one
half of an avocado and scoop out the
pulp then magic good and add 1
tablespoon of raw honey apply the mask
to your skin and leave it for about 10
to 15 minutes nice and easy
do this mask one or two times a week
avocados contain oleic acid the greatest
thing about it is that it moisturizes
your skin on an epidermal layer keeping
it properly hydrated don't forget that
adding avocados to your menu is also
very preferable to your skin as they
contain vitamin C and E which keep your
skin fresh and gorgeous
[Music]
number three in exfoliating mask
scrubbing is another important part that
should make its way into your skincare
routine don't do it too often though it
is better to scrub your skin one or two
times a week you can buy a certain
product to your liking or use natural
products and the last choice is just as
good as the first and we have a great
must-have recipe that you can try let's
get to it again for this mask you'll
need a good old aspirin three pills of
it to be exact and three tablespoons of
lukewarm water the following steps are
easy just dissolve the aspirin in the
water to create a paste then apply it to
your clean face and leave it there for
about 10 minutes after that rinse it off
with fresh water and there you go your
skin is fresh smooth and clean sometimes
dermatologists even suggest putting some
aspirin in your skin cream it is a good
way to get rid of reducing the redness
that comes with acne the Salus pillock
acid an aspirin contains is used in
almost every anti acne product aspirin
also effectively clears out black and
white heads seriously what can it do
number two a glowing skin mask who
doesn't want to have this natural
healthy skin glow right
pretty much everyone will say about the
natural glow while describing their idea
of perfect skin there are a good number
of products from famous and
not-so-famous brands they claim to leave
you with beautiful looking skin but
natural products are no less productive
and this next mask
proves this point you'll need only two
ingredients a banana and butter
first of all mashed banana to the
condition of the paste then add a
considerable amount of butter and mix
the banana paste with it apply this mask
one or two times a week for 15 to 20
minutes then clear your face with clean
water bananas contain multiple nutrients
such as potassium which is great for
dehydrated skin vitamin A which among
its other benefits also fades acne scars
and other dark spots on your skin lectin
which is very helpful in a battle with
acne and so on this mask is especially
good for people with dry skin and it is
a great moisturizer as well I will leave
your will flawless and glowing from the
inside skin
number one a mask for facial hair
removal a lot of girls deals with the
problem no one talks enough about facial
hair everybody has a different approach
to it but if you're thinking about
changing things up a little bit and
trying something new we present you a
mask that can help you remove the facial
hair quickly and effectively and just
like it was before all the ingredients
are natural and know you won't need
aspirin this time this mask contains
zero point zero 2 pounds of lemon juice
1 cup of water and 0.06 pounds of flour
it doesn't matter what flour you will
use but preferably it should be a
chickpea one mix all the ingredients
until you get a homogeneous paste and
apply it on your face leave it to dry
off for about 15 minutes and then you
will be able to remove it name the
mixture off your face with a towel
pressing firmly in the direction of hair
growth a chickpea flour just like
aspirin removes dead cells off of your
skin as well as hair it additionally
lightens your skin there are also other
natural recipes you can try for removing
facial hair for example homemade sugar
wax or lemon juice together with honey
the second pair is incredibly effective
as well honey softens the hair lemon
juice work as a great cleanser and
together with the form quite a sticky
mixture that helps pull the hair right
off the choice is yours
don't be afraid to try something new who
knows maybe who will give you the
results you've been dreaming of do you
know any other effective recipes for a
beautiful healthy and glowing skin leave
and discuss them in the comment section
below don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and share it with
your friends if you want to see more
videos like this then click subscribe to
join us on the bright side of life
[Music]